1)Feature engineering is a machine learning technique that leverages data to create new variables that aren't in the training set. It can produce new features for both supervised and unsupervised learning, with the goal of simplifying and speeding up data transformations while also enhancing model accuracy.
2)Feature selection is the process of reducing the number of input variables when developing a predictive model. It is desirable to reduce the number of input variables to both reduce the computational cost of modeling and, in some cases, to improve the performance of the model.
3)Filter Methods

These methods are generally used while doing the pre-processing step. These methods select features from the dataset irrespective of the use of any machine learning algorithm. In terms of computation, they are very fast and inexpensive and are very good for removing duplicated, correlated, redundant features but these methods do not remove multicollinearity. Selection of feature is evaluated individually which can sometimes help when features are in isolation (don’t have a dependency on other features) but will lag when a combination of features can lead to increase in the overall performance of the model.

Wrapper methods:

Wrapper methods, also referred to as greedy algorithms train the algorithm by using a subset of features in an iterative manner. Based on the conclusions made from training in prior to the model, addition and removal of features takes place. Stopping criteria for selecting the best subset are usually pre-defined by the person training the model such as when the performance of the model decreases or a specific number of features has been achieved. The main advantage of wrapper methods over the filter methods is that they provide an optimal set of features for training the model, thus resulting in better accuracy than the filter methods but are computationally more expensive.

4i)Feature Selection is the method of reducing the input variable to your model by using only relevant data and getting rid of noise in data.

It is the process of automatically choosing relevant features for your machine learning model based on the type of problem you are trying to solve. We do this by including or excluding important features without changing them. It helps in cutting down the noise in our data and reducing the size of our input data.
Machine learning models follow a simple rule: whatever goes in, comes out. If we put garbage into our model, we can expect the output to be garbage too. In this case, garbage refers to noise in our data.

To train a model, we collect enormous quantities of data to help the machine learn better. Usually, a good portion of the data collected is noise, while some of the columns of our dataset might not contribute significantly to the performance of our model. Further, having a lot of data can slow down the training process and cause the model to be slower. The model may also learn from this irrelevant data and be inaccurate.

ii)List of feature extraction algorithms
Autoencoders
Denoising Autoencoder.
Variational Autoencoder.
Convolutional Autoencoder.
Sparse Autoencoder.

5)If we can use these contexts as features and feed them to our model then the model will be able to understand the sentence better. Some of the common features that we can extract from a sentence are the number of words, number of capital words, number of punctuation, number of unique words, number of stopwords, average sentence length, etc. We can define these features based on our data set we are using.